Add docs on Dataset (AIP-48) support (#852)
astronomer/astro-sdk: python-sdk/docs/concepts.rst

Astro SDK uses following URIs as datasets across its operators.

#. :ref:`table` as a Dataset

    .. literalinclude:: ../example_dags/example_datasets.py
           :language: python
           :start-after: [START dataset_table]
           :end-before: [END dataset_table]

#. File as a Dataset

    .. literalinclude:: ../example_dags/example_datasets.py
           :language: python
           :start-after: [START dataset_file]
           :end-before: [END dataset_file]

Following examples show how to produce and use datasets for scheduling.

#. **Dataset Producer** - Produces output dataset ``imdb_movies_table`` as a Table.

    .. literalinclude:: ../example_dags/example_datasets.py
           :language: python
           :start-after: [START dataset_producer]
           :end-before: [END dataset_producer]

#. **Dataset Consumer** - DAG gets scheduled post input dataset Table ``imdb_movies_table`` is produced by the upstream DAG above.

    .. literalinclude:: ../example_dags/example_datasets.py
           :language: python
           :start-after: [START dataset_consumer]
           :end-before: [END dataset_consumer]

> Python SDK uses default datasets for its operators and the details of the default datasets generated and used by them can be found in the respective :ref:`operators` document.

Reviewer: This ref is not being shown correctly on the docs.Can you take a look again.

<img width="1019" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-15 at 3 34 25 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/94376113/190377015-b2ea2a7e-0cdc-4f00-baba-45f003f133ff.png">

Author: What is the issue you're seeing. To me it is showing correctly. Also, clicking on the link takes to the appropriate page.

![Uploading Screenshot 2022-09-15 at 3.47.47 PM.png…]()

Reviewer: Please ignore. I was looking the wrong way.

Reviewer: Please ignore. I was checking using View file on the commit

> Python SDK uses default datasets for its operators and the details of the default datasets generated and used by them can be found in the respective :ref:`operators` document.

Reviewer: Consider adding a screenshot of the generated URI when datasets are scheduled on Airflow UI.

Author: Added a screenshot from Kaxil's PR: https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/pull/808

#. **Dataset Producer** - Produces output dataset ``imdb_movies_table`` as a Table.

    .. literalinclude:: ../example_dags/example_datasets.py
           :language: python
           :start-after: [START dataset_producer]
           :end-before: [END dataset_producer]

#. **Dataset Consumer** - DAG gets scheduled post input dataset Table ``imdb_movies_table`` is produced by the upstream DAG above.

    .. literalinclude:: ../example_dags/example_datasets.py
           :language: python
           :start-after: [START dataset_consumer]
           :end-before: [END dataset_consumer]

Python SDK uses default datasets for its operators and the details of the default datasets generated and used by them can be found in the respective :ref:`operators` document.
However, you can override them by passing the keyword arguments ``inlets`` and ``outlets`` to the operators.

Following is a view of dag dependencies on datasets

.. image:: ./images/dag-dependencies-on-datasets.png

More details can be found at `airflow datasets concept <https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/datasets.html>`_

.. Note::

>     The concepts of Datasets is supported only with Airflow versions **2.4.0** and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The concept of Datasets in astro-sdk is supported only from the **1.1.0** release ( and requires Airflow version **2.4.0** and above).
```

Author: Thank you!
